docs: architecture with the DevWorkspace engine (#2125)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/con_architecture-overview-with-che-server.adoc

[id="{prod-id-short}-architecture-overview-with-che-server_{context}"]
= {prod-short} architecture with {prod-id-short}-server

{prod-short} server is the default workspace engine.

.High-level {prod-short} architecture with the {prod-short} server engine

> image::administration-guide:architecture/{project-context}-architecture-with-che-server-engine.png[]

Reviewer: In the Preview, this graphic renders with arrows over the top of some of the text. Maybe it's just my browser, but it doesn't look very clean to my eyes.

{prod} components are:

Workspace controller::

> An always-running service managing user workspaces with the {orch-name} API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An always-running service that manages user workspaces with the {orch-name} API.
```

Author: "that" would not be a good fit here because:

Use "that", without a comma, to introduce a restrictive clause. Use "which", preceded by a comma, to introduce a nonrestrictive clause. (IBM SG)

Reviewer 2: @themr0c This seems like a pretty good example of [a restrictive clause](https://www.lavc.edu/getattachment/writingcenter/Handouts/Clauses-III_-Restrictive_Nonrestrictive-ADA-2018.pdf?lang=en-US#:~:text=Restrictive%20clauses%20require%20no%20punctuation,them%20from%20the%20complete%20sentence.). It introduces information that is necessary to the meaning of the sentence.

User workspaces:: 

Container-based IDEs.

> After installation, the workspace controller is the only running component. {prod-short} workspaces are running on user requests.

Reviewer: I'm not clear here how these two sentences are related. Does the workspace controller component enable the Che workspaces to be created? In other words, do these two sentences describe a cause and effect relationship? If so consider revising to make that relationship clear.

Author: It's a reply to the recurrent question: "I just installed Che, I can see the server components, but I don't see any of the workspaces component. Is something wrong with my installation? No, you need to start a workspace to see workspace components appear". One day we'll find a way to express that in a non Q and A manner.

Author: Fixed
